This project is an Instant contract trading mode site and is currently under development.
The project's selling price is expected to be $80,000, with 5% set aside for development costs.
Unlike other trading methods or betting, this is not operated based on the difference in results due to the pre payment method, but rather is a form of trading that is divided into A and B and bets money based on the current real-time BTC price.
It is a very exciting and transparent trading where you can make or lose money based on the midpoint of the rising and falling prices.



Sorry for not contacting you for a long time.
I couldn't contact you because I had to come to work urgently at the company and develop a great betting game.
I missed you so much when I met you and worked with you, and I remember how you helped me sincerely and worked hard.
This is my first message since I came back here with interesting ideas and techniques that can make amazing profits in various technical aspects.
If you saw this message, please send me a message to the original Telegram address.
I can't find it there, so I'm using the mailbox.

telegram address : @dream1_dev





Hello! EJ Best.
Sorry for not contacting you for a long time.
I couldn't contact you because I had to come to work urgently at the company and develop a great betting game.
I missed you so much when I met you and worked with you, and I remember how you helped me sincerely and worked hard.
This is my first message since I came back here with interesting ideas and techniques that can make amazing profits in various technical aspects.
If you saw this message, please send me a message to the original Telegram address.
I can't find it there, so I'm using the mailbox.

telegram address : @dream1_dev

from Teymur Babayev.


From the moment you shared with me your account with about $60 left, I bowed my head to your trust and deep heart toward me.
Every time, especially when I looked for other account partners through your whatsApp or Linkedin account, it was something I couldn't understand too, but you allowed it.
Your sincere support to help me not lose my purpose and to succeed was like a brother to me, even though we are living in different countries.
When I couldn't repay your kindness with kindness and left after leaving you a message, and I couldn't even video-call you directly, my heart was really sad.
I always missed you, really.

Frankly I was not a great figure.
But while developing an Instant Contract Game, I have a really great technology and experience that I can shout out in this arena, and I am sitting here again with high confidence.
The game I just sent is progressing with the expectation of selling about $50,000 and sharing 3% of the developer's profit. The game is played in 30 second intervals, and 12% of the winning team's profit goes to the administrator's account every time, and the remaining 85% is averaged out to each person in the winning team's category.
This is a game where the administrator can make a profit of at least $ ten thousand with the weekly when about 25 people sign up per day.
I will give you $20 thousand if you introduce someone who will buy this project.
This is also an issue that I have discussed with my team.
If you are interested in managing this site, please feel free to contact me.


I have a variety of technologies and solutions that can generate significant profits through many years of development, and am looking for a reliable long-term partner who can successfully create solutions with me for a long time.

1.By my own methods and codes to through cryptocurrency trading and betting and  I can help you in order to improve maximize  your profits.
2. Speaking of keeping on my Instant Contract Project have almost completed, and if you are willing to make it a success together, you can expect significant profits.

https://docs.google.com/document/d/14vB9HIOraUPX7Wlwzb0hhjUjBaI7d6nwH79ljwzD3AU/edit?tab=t.0
								
Making project takes a lot of time and efforts, but it depends on how I work and how much effort I put in, and am who have a lot of different good ideas, I think it's important to find a long-term partner who I can truly trust as much as I can to create this.

3.Also have great experience in web and app development, so I can create the site you want if you want.
4. If you are willing to join hands with me in another way and truly walk this path together, you can get work and make money through your account on job sites like Upwork or Freelancer. 
I look forward to being a good partner with you on this field.



If you want, I can tell you more about the game I'm working on now. But I can do it better than this.
Unlike other trading methods or betting, this is not operated based on the difference in results due to the pre payment method, but rather is a form of trading that is divided into A and B and bets money based on the current real-time BTC price.
It is a very exciting and transparent trading where you can make or lose money based on the midpoint of the rising and falling prices.
All rights are with the administrator. And now I have a good idea and I want to tell you.
Among the users participating in the game, prize money is given to those ranked 1st to 10th who spend the most money over the course of a week.
Of the 15% profit that manager get, just 2-3% would be enough to cover that bonus.
Then, many users will use this game, and users who participate once can continue to participate for a week while looking forward to the prize money.
To ensure transparency, we plan to display the game history in real time on the page.
There are many games that use Bitcoin now, but none of them have these kind of bonuses.
I am confident that the manager who manage this game will see great profits in the near future.

The administrator takes 15% of the winning team's money each time and divides the remaining money equally among the winning teams. Each game lasts 30 seconds and is operated based on the current BTC rate, so transparency is completely guaranteed.
The game is currently being promoted with an expected retail price of $30,000.

I'm looking for someone to buy this game now.
If you manage this game you can expect significant profits.

If you are willing to buy, I will discuss it with my team again and sell it to you at the lowest price possible.

At first I was interested in trading and participated but $200000 disappeared in an instant.

So I thought and thought if I could get my money here and tried very hard and finally I created a good idea and code.



The instant contract game is currently almost complete.
If you want, I can tell you more about the game I'm working with my team on now.
Unlike other trading methods or betting, this is not operated based on the difference in results due to the pre payment method, but rather is a form of trading that is divided into A and B and bets money based on the current real-time BTC price .
It is a very exciting and transparent trading where you can make or lose money based on the midpoint of the rising and falling prices.
All rights are with the administrator.
The manager takes 15% of the winning team's money each time, 5% is paid to the developers as development costs, and the remaining 80% of the money is divided equally among the winning teams. Each game lasts 30 seconds and is operated based on the current BTC rate, so transparency is completely guaranteed.
The game is currently being promoted with an expected sell price of $10,000 ~ $15000.
I am confident that the manager who manages this game will see great profits in the near future.
If you are willing to buy, I will discuss it with my team again and sell it to you at the lowest price possible.
Please create a milestone here And when you are satisfied, you can end the contract and then you will be the manager of this game.
Manual : https://docs.google.com/document/d/14vB9HIOraUPX7Wlwzb0hhjUjBaI7d6nwH79ljwzD3AU/edit?tab=t.0

URL : http:/ /5.253.43.204:5173



Looking for a buyer who will buy instant contract game or lottery game.

						I am looking for buyers for an instant contract game built with Blockchain, React, Node.js, Payment GateWay Integration, and MongoDB.
				Also, a lottery game like BC.game is almost complete.
If you are interested or want to buy it, please feel free to send me a message.
			
									game manual : https://docs.google.com/document/d/14vB9HIOraUPX7Wlwzb0hhjUjBaI7d6nwH79ljwzD3AU/edit?tab=t.0 .
url :    http://5.253.43.204:5173



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Before proceeding, please listen carefully to what I say and do exactly like that in reality.

1. Don't be impatient.
2. Don't be greedy.
3. Be diligent. 
4.Be persistent.
5. Have high psychological qualities.


This is something we are making and using, so don't tell anyone else.

I am changing the URL every few days, so I'll let you know when it changes.

You must analyze the whole, not just the present.

If you look at this screen now, you can see the progress history in three colors.
Here, I found the most probable and stable value.

More than 10x is yellow, more than 2x is green, and less than 2x is dark red.
And if you look at this chart, you can see the detailed progress history.

Currently I am making money in two ways.

10x method and 3x method.

10x may not come out to 85x max, so the initial start should be set to 1/100 of the total money.


The code is keyed so that it cannot be used by multiple people and can only be used on your computer.

And you can earn a certain amount just by turning on this code, but you can earn more if you cooperate with the code.

And from what you see now, 10x is 4-5 times the base of 100. You should only start when 10x is 4-5 times 100.

But if 10x is 4~5 out of 100, you should start by analyzing the probability distribution by looking at the 150, 200, 500, and 1000 ranges.

Let me explain, first invest 1 dollar, if it doesn't work, invest 2 dollars, if it doesn't work again, invest 4 dollars, and so on. It is designed to generate high returns while reducing the difference in the multiplication method and the cycle. However, in order to find a stable value by searching at least 3000 times, you need to apply an algorithm that applies high-speed search and deep search. The design has already been completed to generate a lot of returns with a high-quality algorithm and a minimum amount of basic capital. It has reached the point where a lot of money is being invested.

The method I use now is called the martingle method, and this code can earn $50 to $65 if you invest $100 now.

If many people use this code, B.C. Game management can use other methods, so as few people as possible should use this code.

I think it's good to have a good relationship with the manager at the beginning, and in the future, when there is a good code, he will tell you.
In fact, My team leader don't sell this code to others, and  keep it a secret.
But I told you the secret for your sake.
The manager wants you not to tell about this to others.

You already told me you wouldn't use it on me.

There are several initial setups and other ways to use it.
If you don't set it up, you won't be able to make money using that code.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------



First, I will explain the current code structure and how to use it.

First, I will explain the method that aims for 10x.
If you have a lot of experience, this is a method that you can earn if you run it when you are sure that you will get 10x in the next 30 times.

This requires analyzing everything about the current state and can make a lot of money, but the flaw is that you have to monitor the situation.

However, this is also monitored by the code and starts automatically, so it stops the moment it is first earned.

The amount of money you earn is proportional to the initial investment.

You can do it about 3,000 times a day, but if you make a judgment based on the this state there are times when it succeeds, but there are also times when you suffer huge losses.
When the 10x interval is 75, there are usually 3-4 times a day, and when it exceeds 30, there are more than 10 times.
Therefore, a wrong judgment can result in a huge loss of funds.
To solve this, the current code introduces blockchain technology to hash each stored block and analyzes records from up to 6,000 times ago from the selected block.

If the analysis results show that it can start, the code starts automatically, and from the moment it starts, it combines the current situation and 6,000 situation data, and automatically stops if it exceeds the safe level record.

He said that calculated a sophisticated algorithm and mathematical probability distribution for analysis, and spent a whopping over $180,000 to make the current program successful using the results of these calculations.

He said that this code is a code that succeeds when executed, and even if it fails occasionally, it will be about 1 out of 15 times.

Then tell me if this code can actually make money.

I think because you don't have enough money right now, it's not too late to just buy one method and make money with it first and then buy another one.

So I think that will give him $5000 and unlock the key with only one of the 4 methods.

So far, I have analyzed the code and concluded that I can unlock the key.

So I think that if I can figure out the principles and rules of how one method works, I can easily figure out all the other methods.

If you can change and update the code as you want, I believe that you can use this code on other computers or for other purposes in the future and that it will bring good results.

He said that the code has a success rate of at least 93%, and when the environment is good, the success rate can be up to 100%.