
As an experienced  Senior Full Stack expert who Mastered PHP(Laravel), MERN stack, C#, ASP.NET MVC, BlockChain, SEO, Restful API, Database Management with over 8 years of experience.

I made $30 0000 by block chain and Shopify, E-commerce Site and Shopping Site develope in 2022.

If you borrow Freelancer and Upwork  account to me.
I will pay you 30% of my total profits.
How do you think?

You will get over $2000 every month.
Do you have Freelancer account?

If you work with me very hard, I will help you very coolly
I know all the angles in this field.

Do you have it now?
If you don't have it, you can create it with 3min.

Do you know anything about Freelancer.com?

I need to use a good account to achieve my current goals.
It requires my skill and good standing of the country to bid on assignments worth more than $3000.

After creating an account, you need to verification your ID, Payment, Phone, and Email and leave the computer on for me at least 15 hours out of 24 hours a day.
Then I will use your account on your computer through anydesk to get assignments and earn money.
Then you can take 30% of the money in the account and send me 70%.

Teymur Babayev sent the following message at 

Hahaahah!!!
It doesn't mean I buy your account,
I just use it on your computer and if you are very sincere I can work with you for a long time.

I will earn money from Freelancer.com with that account and it will be withdraw to your account.
Freelacer.com's regulations state that if you have a US account, you must verify your identity on a computer with a US IP before you can withdraw money from the account.
However, you need to verify your ID, Payment, Phone, and Email.
Then you just take 30% of the total and send the rest to me every month.

From now on, all the money I earn will go into your account.
If you ask me to pay in advance now, I don't think we will be friends for long.
That means if I earn over $10,000 in your account, how can I trust you?

I get to use it on your computer through Anydesk.
I can not use it in here or my computer.
It is Freelacer.com's rule.